Add API documentation (#456)
py-mine/mcstatus: docs/api/internal.rst

Internal Data
=============

> This page contains some internal objects, classes, functions and etc. They **are not a part of the Public API** and
> you **should not use them** directly. They are documented here for the links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains some internal objects, classes, functions, etc. These **are not a part of the Public API** and
you **should not use them**, as we do not guarantee their backwards compatibility between different library
versions. They are only documented here for linkable reference to them.
```

Author: Fixed [here](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/afb0702d1c9fda079879cb0fb2a0b1ef92fb54f7..f33d6f5e6c80269ef9072380bd2966a4ca44843e). Thanks!
